# 04 You Went Before Me and Prepared Every Step

Last week, I had the opportunity to accompany social workers to the front lines, where we reached out and spoke with homeless individuals I wouldn't normally encounter in daily life. This experience gave me a new perspective and inspired fresh ideas on how to support them.

---

This is the fourth weekly prayer:

Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for Your faithful servants in Teen Challenge Berlin. They pray and are motivated by Your love to help people. And thank You for these encounters. I pray that the people we met last week can have open hearts to listen to the Gospel. May they eventually know that what can save them and help them in their situation is not people, not food, money, or a home — it’s You and only You. May they know they have a Lord and Savior who cares for them.

And dear Lord, thank You for revealing other things — that they need discipline, and that they also need to have a correct portal to access true information, not rumors. So thank You for the idea that I should develop a knowledge hub to provide information not only for them but also for the people who want to help them. And thank You for the provision — You have shown me how to set up the infrastructure to facilitate the platform through my current job.

You did show me every step I would step into, and You did go before me to prepare the right people and the right things in the right place at the right time. Praise You, my dear Father. I pray that there will be more of Your children singing to You with thanksgiving, making melody to You on the lyre. Thank You for taking pleasure in those who fear You, in those who hope in Your steadfast love.

May I walk in the way of righteousness, in the paths of justice, embracing the inheritance from You and the filling of my treasuries You grant, to build Your kingdom for You.

In Jesus' name I pray and receive,

Amen.

---

[Back to top](#)