# 06 You are Moving Fast

In the past week, I really sense that everything is working for good for the one who loves the Lord in an abundant way. He is moving super fast this week.

---

This is the sixth weekly prayer:

Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for all these revelations so far, and for more in the coming days. May You pour down Your heavenly wisdom unto us, so that we can comprehend more about the world You have created with love, and meditate on Your word so that we can discover the details and find the joy within it.

May You continue to grant us the heart to pray not only for the homeless people in Berlin, but also for all those who haven’t yet found where they belong — they belong to the Lord and Savior. And please grow our hearts to long even more for our heavenly home that You have prepared for us.

Suffering is the path we are called to walk. Please teach us how to find joy within it, and grant us fellowship time in You to make our joy complete. I believe that we won't veil Your glory — we burn to hallow Your name with all that we are. That is what we are made for.

Abba Father, I bend my knees before You, from whom every family in heaven and on earth derives its name, that You would grant us, according to the riches of His glory, to be strengthened with power through Your Spirit in the inner self, so that Christ may dwell in our hearts through faith; and that we, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all the saints what is the width and length and height and depth — and to know the love of Christ which surpasses knowledge — that we may be filled to all the fullness of God.

Thank You for loving us so much. I believe we both love You and will love You more than yesterday, every day.

In Jesus’ name I pray and receive,

Amen.
