# 07 Bound Together in His Spirit

A close sister in Christ, who is an English teacher, has taught a particular book for years. It’s a story that touches on aspects of homelessness in Berlin. The book is called Go, Went, Gone by Jenny Erpenbeck. I recently received a copy—thank you so much for sharing it with me! 

---

This is the seventh weekly prayer:

Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for all the fellowship I have with brothers and sisters across nations. This week, I witnessed our fellowship group see deliverance from slavery in Pakistan through prayer and the financial support provided by Your hand. An entire family is now able to start a new life, free from bondage.

And this ministry and these projects are in their prayers as well. Thank You not only for reminding us to pray for one another’s struggles, but also to pray for how each of us may glorify You. We have truly experienced Your faithfulness and unexpected surprises through every season.

Thank You for the revelation that it always begins with prayer meetings. And thank You for the edification that praying together for unity is itself an act of unity. Lord, this was truly Your prayer for us before You went to the cross.

Therefore, one thing I have prayed—and continue to pray—for all of us is this: please continue to teach us how to pray according to Your will, so that You will fill us with all joy and peace in believing, that we may abound in hope by the power of Your Spirit.

In Jesus’ name I pray and receive,

Amen.
