# 08 Righteous Rain

Thank you for the lesson that deep-dived into the reality of the emotions from a brother in Christ. We don't need the superficial emotions but a heart from God. We should not be afraid of being angry but dive into true righteous anger with a pure heart, so that we would understand the wrath of God and turn it towards our true enemies. 

---

This is the eighth weekly prayer:

Dear Heavenly Father,Thank You for speaking through a brother and once again writing Your word on my heart—that we should love righteousness and hate wickedness—so that You will set us above our companions by anointing us with the oil of joy.

Thank You for revealing the enemies’ plans beforehand, so we can rely on You more deeply and continue to feast abundantly in their presence. I thank You that what has been stolen throughout our lives is being restored with extra blessing. You are our exceedingly great reward.

I know You are pouring down the heavy rain of righteousness in Berlin from today. Let judgment run down like waters, and righteousness like a mighty stream. I pray that Your children who still rely on their own strength and strategies to resist the righteous waters will be drawn into an even greater vortex—so they learn to depend only on You. And for those who surrender and flow with the righteous stream, teach them how to breathe in it and find true freedom. Thank You for mercy in the form of anger, and healing in the form of discipline. Thank You for Your willingness to forgive.

Thank You for being our judge. May the righteous rain heal the poor in this city. 

Berlin belongs to God.

In Jesus’ name I pray and receive,

Amen.
