# 10 The Joy of the Lord is My Strength
Thanks to a sister in Christ who prayed for me and shared a children's story as an analogy of going on an adventure with the Lord: We are going on a bear hunt. 

---

This is the tenth weekly prayer:

Dear Heavenly Father,
Thank You for the story You shared through my sister in Christ. And thank You for the truth that I’ve revised a bit into my own version:<br>
We’re going on a bear hunt. <br>
We’re going to catch a big one. <br>
What a beautiful day! <br>
We’re not scared.<br>
(While crossing the obstacles): <br>
We can’t go over it. <br>
We can’t go under it. <br>
Oh yes! <br>
We’ve got to go through it!

Because You are with me—and even go before me—this gives me great joy. And indeed, Your joy is my strength.
I know, and I know, that You love my company, because I am Your beloved child. I also love to chat with You and enjoy Your sense of humor. Thank You that this has become the firm foundation for believing in Your promises, rather than being distracted by what is seen. Help me to stay focused on the unseen.

Even when others cannot understand me, it doesn’t hurt me deeply—because You understand me, even more than I understand myself. And that is more than enough. Your grace is sufficient in every moment. This is the great peace You continue to increase in me.

I thank You for giving me a deeper hunger and simple curiosity to know more about You. And I thank You that during this season, You’ve brought people into my life—several international groups of people who have no interest in human-made strategies, and who are willing to listen to the Holy Spirit, rather than trying to fit You into our limited views.

I pray that more will join us—to fellowship in Christ and make our joy complete. I pray that everyone who is and will be involved in this ministry may have this foundation in You, and hold the right posture in their hearts. I pray that there will be no compromise, no leaven involved. And let us not be stressed about any of this—for it is You who perfect our faith, not we ourselves.

And I pray, Lord, that we will have joy from You during this great adventure. 
And thank You that I can laugh at the time to come.

In Jesus’ name I pray and receive, 
Amen.
