# Clear Speech and Patient Growth

Recently, unexpectedly (yes, unexpectedly again!), I have a lot of conversations regarding homeless people outside of Germany. I am glad that there are people who also care about this deep issue in our societies.

---

This is my 17th weekly prayer:


Dear Heavenly Father,


Thank You once again for bringing people into conversations and showing me that there are people around the world who care about the homeless. I am not sure why You have brought so many people from outside of Germany into this, but I know there is a purpose. Please continue to reveal the path to me. Please guide the conversations and give us the wisdom and the motivation of love this weekend.

Father, I pray that You teach me to articulate my thoughts so that people can understand more easily. Sometimes these thoughts keep evolving in my mind, and my expression cannot stay up to date or synchronized. Please help me with speaking—and only with the things that You want me to speak or express. If there are things You do not want me to speak about, please keep my mouth shut. And when people do not understand, give me the discernment to know whether my speech needs more improvement. In any case, please help me to speak the truth that I believe, even when people do not understand.

And Lord, thank You for showing me that this project is happening, and that it is bigger than I expected. Thank You for all the prayers lifted for this project, for the homeless, and for the lost. Thank You for teaching me not to rush, for sharpening my patience, and for teaching me everything in prayer and through prayer.

In Jesus’ name I pray and receive,

Amen.

---

[Back to top](#)