# Let’s Archive Something

In the past few days, I discovered an interesting saying to encourage myself: let’s “archive” something. Let’s archive selfishness; let’s archive numbness. Although I put “ending homelessness” at the moment, one day I will label this crisis as “archived.”


This is my 21th weekly prayer:


Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for the encouragement, and thank You for bringing people to me who are willing to help. You answered my prayers, and You continue to give me the faith and grace to pray. I would say, teach me to pray according to Your will and use me for Your will — it is my lifetime prayer. But if there is anything that I can ask more, anything deeper that I can ask for, please, I want to know, and I must know.


What is the purpose of living, dear Lord, please teach Your people. Remove the selfishness and numbness, especially in this “self”-promoting era. Help them to deny themselves to follow You without hesitation and concern. And Father, I ask for Your mercy — please help them to comprehend Your love and understand Your justice. Especially Your wrath toward evils — please restore the fear of You in people’s hearts. Please let them know You are King of kings and Lord of lords, so that they can understand love in a way that is not self-centered or distorted. Help them to remember the cross, help them to remember the cross and pick up their crosses to follow their Lord and Savior.


Thank You, for You are love, and love never fails.


You are truly the consuming fire.


In Jesus’ mighty and precious name I pray and receive,

Amen.

---

[Back to top](#)