# Money and Investors

In the past few days, I’ve been talking a lot. It’s amazing that God made a person like me, usually so quiet, become so talkative now. I was even reminded that we were running out of time and that I should pause and continue next time. It really shows that so much is happening.

This is my 23th weekly prayer:

Dear Heavenly Father,
Thank You, Lord, for continuing to answer my prayers. Last week, I asked for discernment about who I should work and collaborate with, and this week, You prompted me to pray about potential investors, especially asking for wisdom regarding them.

Thank You for already showing me the essence of this through my past experiences. I do not want problematic investors—if they do not understand the core value of SEiN, or if they do not have a sincere heart to help, I would rather not have their money. And, Lord, please forbid any money that is not meant for Your glory from entering SEiN. If it is not from You, give me the wisdom and boldness to say no.

Please give me patience to wait upon You and not be distracted by seemingly quick-fix solutions. I desire only Your solution. Even in future cases that may appear urgent or like emergencies, help me to remain patient and trust that You will always show me the way and provide everything I need at the perfect time. If it is not Your provision, please make it clear to me every time, and give me the confidence to reject it.

Lord, thank You for the mechanisms to bring in investors and people willing to work on this mission. May the resources that come through them serve the needy and the poor; may not even a single cent be wasted. May all money and material resources be used solely to glorify You.

Please give me an assertive mind, rooted in faith, and help me submit to Your will every time.

And Lord, please teach me how to make my mind to rest when needed.

In Jesus’ mighty and precious name I pray,
Amen
