# My Best Friend

*12.11.2025*

I am grateful that, since I began sharing with more people, I have received greater support and valuable information. I believe that the thoughts expressed on the website are answered prayers—not only my own, but also those of others. I deeply appreciate the brothers and sisters who care about this and lift it up in prayer. May the incense of our prayers rise continuously to the throne of Heaven.



This is my 24th weekly prayer:



Dear Heavenly Father,



Thank You for letting me know that You are always in control, and that You always love me. Thank You that I have never once doubted, in my life, that when I pray I am speaking to You—not to nobody or to the air. Thank You that I can always feel Your presence now. Thank You for the examples of faith in Your Word: that Enoch walked with You for hundreds of years, that Moses talked with You like a friend, and that You gave me, since I was little, the simple faith to say, "I want that." You answered my childhood prayers, and even now, I continue to experience Your nearness.



You have never turned away from me, and You have never forsaken me. Even now, I know that suffering is also an expression of Your love. It may seem a crazy thought to others, but I don’t mind, because it is not only an expression of Your love, it is also the Truth. Later today, in the passage of the Bible study, 1 Peter 4:1 mentions: “Therefore, since Christ suffered in the flesh, arm yourselves also with the same mind, for he who has suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin.” You ask us to “arm” our minds with the willingness to embrace and experience suffering for You, and that is the key to ceasing from sin. Suffering makes me feel so alive, and I no longer have to endure or compromise any fakeness in my life. You have given me the freedom.



My dear Abba Father, please give me everything I can receive from You to appropriate Your Word into my life and society, to do a Christian suppose to do, and simply be the light in the darkness.



Thank You, my best Friend.



In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, I pray,

Amen


---

[Back to top](#)