# Writing Your Word on Our Hearts

*03.12.2025*

A few days ago, a brother in Christ shared with me that he had encountered homeless people who needed a cell phone to contact family and make appointments. A few weeks ago, I also met a lady who asked to use my phone to call a shelter to see if she could stay there for the night. Access to information is important for them and for us. I’m looking forward to our conversation this weekend.



This is the 27th Weekly prayer:



Dear Father in Heaven,



We ask You to bring clarity to us, for You are the only Truth, and You are the light that can shatter darkness. In this era of information overload and AI, we truly need discernment from You. We ask Your Spirit to continue guiding us in how to think and process all the information You show us. We do not want to rely solely on our own understanding to comprehend anything, for we alone don't know what is good or evil.



Please continue to teach us, dear Lord, how to pray in Your Spirit so that we will definitely know Your will. We desire nothing that is not from You or not for You. Mighty God, let all humans be silent in Your presence and maintain reverence toward You. Please, do not let our prayers be empty—humble us so that we may listen to Your will in stillness.



Please write Your Word on the tablet of our hearts. Let our hearts not be shaped by circumstances or past experiences, but receive the living water that continues to pour down for healing and transformation, for You are near to the brokenhearted (Psalm 34:18). We are grateful that You showed us this verse right after we prayed for Your Word to be written on our hearts. You are so faithful and loving. Amen. Let our hearts reflect on Your promises so that we will never lose heart.



Lord, it is remarkable that Psalm 34 was written after David pretended to be mad in front of someone. Lord, if we appear “crazy” or “out of our minds” in front of people, let it all be for You, because we believe we have the mind of Christ. And also because You dwell in us and fill us now.



In the holy name of Jesus we pray,



Amen.