# The Blessings 

*10.12.2025*

In the past days, we heard several good news; we saw several fruits from our prayers. We appreciate that we were reminded how important it is to pray in the Holy Spirit, because we can only know God’s will for us through His Spirit; even glorifying Him, we have to depend on Him.



This is the 28th Weekly prayer:



Dear Heavenly Father,

We praise You. You have brought us this far, we are excited about our future. There will be faith, hope, and love throughout our entire lives. Dear Lord, we ask for more, we ask for more people that will know the importance of praying in Your Spirit, which means to exalt Your name above all names, empty themselves to listen to You, and have that tremendous joy from the communion with You.



We praise You for who You are, for every conversation You've granted us is not wasted or meaningless. You have granted us the wisdom to reflect, You have granted us the inspiration to move forward. May You help us with our obedience to You, because we want to see more of You in the path of obedience, perseverance, and endurance. There will be suffering, misunderstanding, and disappointments from the world, but we will not lose heart, for You have overcome the world.



This is a wild journey but filled with Your love toward us. So Lord, Abba Father, dear Holy Spirit, please reveal more of Yourself to us, let us know more about You with humility. And please, let what we are fighting for, what we are standing for, become blessings to our families and generations after generations. Give us the strength to stand firm, and the passion to see Your grace, power, and glory throughout every aspect of our lives.



May You remember our determinations now, and help us to keep the word from our mouth; may the words of our mouth and the meditations of our hearts be acceptable in Thy sight and only for Your glory.



In Jesus’ mighty and precious name we pray,

Amen.