# Key Questions

A series of unexpected incidents and healings happened this week. Also, I appreciate that I got a sentence from Read Choi’s interview:

“The quality of your life comes from the quality of the questions you ask.”

This is a very inspiring sentence; I even shared it in an unexpected conversation.



This is the 29th weekly prayer:



Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for Your wisdom. Please help and teach us to continue to ask You the right question, at the right time, with the right manner. Afflictions and suffering will happen, but teach us, in every circumstance, how to reflect and ask the right questions—not to lean on our own understanding, and not to look only at the things that are seen. Help us to ask for the things that are unseen but the things that You are willing to reveal to us. Humble us, so that we won’t be limited by the current situation, and not to complain, but to ask You with the right attitude, and trust You more after every time we ask.



Thank You for being our pillar of cloud by day and the pillar of fire by night. We believe that You have opened a series of doors for us that no one can shut, and thank You for showing this to me as a vision before. And thank You for the revelation that sometimes You are willing to use us as the key to open some doors not only for us but also for others. 



Thank You for Your warmth especially at night as a fire. 



Nec tamen consumebatur.



We love You.



In Jesus’ precious and mighty name we pray,

Amen