# Beloved

*24.12.2025*

What a surprise that the 30th weekly prayer post is on Christmas Eve! Having a surprise itself is not surprising, but the form and the content of the surprise are still surprising. Something like this has happened many, many times, and I still enjoy it. God has a great sense of humor and really good at making me smile!!!



This is the 30th weekly prayer,



Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for calling us beloved. And thank You for the inspiration of writing this poem for You.



"View our lives through the vast macro

Of His eternal purpose sublime.

Trusting Him fully in every micro

Along the faithful path He has prepared.



Wonderful Counselor, Mighty God,

Everlasting Father, Prince of Peace—

Holy Majesty beyond all names and all praise,

Yet stooping low to call me beloved."



Dear Father, we ask You to bless every beloved child who loves You and lives in this city tonight. We also ask You to bless the beloved who are temporarily in the darkness now. May Your light shine when they understand that not partially but every part of their heart needs Your light to shine upon, needs Your love to warm and let it grow. May they eventually fix their eyes on the only worthy One, Jesus Christ. And lastly, may Your Spirit fill the people who have hunger toward You, give them the strength for every next breakthrough.



Thank You for coming for us. We love You.



Grace be with all those who love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity.



In Jesus’ precious and mighty name I pray and receive,

Amen