# Rain for the Righteous & No Rain for the Unrighteous

The theme of “Justice” has been spiraling around my head for more than two years. I believe God, my Mighty Father, wants to remind us that He is a just God, and that He has seen everything.



This is the 32nd weekly prayer:



Dear Heavenly Father,



Praise You for who You are, and thank You for being my just God. I know You are slow to anger and great in mercy, and I also know that this doesn’t mean You tolerate lawlessness. That doesn’t mean You overlook the poor, the weak, and Your people who are under injustice. Vengeance is Yours, and You will repay. This battle is Yours, and I will continue to pray for justice.



I come boldly before You and ask that Your justice will be manifested greatly in 2026. The darkness and evil in Berlin will be greatly confronted by Your justice. Any root of lies, false witnesses, and compromising silence in front of evil will be exposed under the light, in public. May Your Truth shatter the darkness.



As You have promised: “Light shines on the righteous and joy on the upright in heart.” I particularly ask for light for the righteous and joy for the upright from You this year in Berlin.



I will continue to pray like Elijah; I pray that there will be no rain for the unrighteous and rain for the righteous in this city. I ask You to purify the city and replace the frail foundation with righteousness and justice, just as the foundation of Your throne.



Thank You for not only being the consuming fire, but my consuming fire. Thank You for being our Judge, who is standing at the door, and who will surely bring justice to victory for us.



In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, I pray,

Amen