# This is My Father's City

*18.02.2026*

I am grateful that I have the opportunity to sing hymns with brothers and sisters. I am especially grateful to sing “This Is My Father’s World.” I really love the lyrics that reflect Psalm 19:

“The heavens declare the glory of God; 

And the firmament shows His handiwork. 

Day unto day utters speech, 

And night unto night reveals knowledge.”



And yes, our Father,  "He speaks to us everywhere."



This is the 38th weekly prayer:



Dear Heavenly Father, 



Thank You for the wonderful opportunity to praise You with hymns, to know that we stand on the shoulders of followers throughout history, to have a better glimpse of heaven, and to gain a deeper understanding of You through music and lyrics. Help us to be even more grateful, knowing that it is You who sustains the entire history of the human world.



Help us not to be trapped in the past, but to move toward the unfailing hope of the future and eternity. Help us to believe that through true repentance, mistakes will not take place again. Help us to continue to submit our wills to You and keep us in obedience.



Help us to perceive and believe that all of this is possible because there was a Man who hung on the cross for us, defeated death, and now sits at the right hand of the Mighty God, ruling His kingdom with forgiveness and love. And that Man is our Lord, Jesus of Nazareth. Help us to understand more the width, length, height, and depth of the Gospel, and to continue to pass it on.



Dear Lord, this city needs You.



In Jesus’ precious and mighty name I pray and receive,



 Amen.