# 42 Pray for the Peace of this City

*18.03.2026*

Several people have shared that they were encouraged by these weekly prayers. Last week, one was even shared right on time. I am very grateful that God has used these prayers to encourage others. It is entirely by His grace, and they come from the conviction He has given me.



For more than seven years, I saw a verse on a wall almost every week, yet I never responded to it. I did not care about the people in this city; I only wanted to benefit from this place. I believe these prayers are from my repentance and obedience to what He has called me to do. Yet they are no longer a burden to me, but a continual guidance from Him—helping me to see more of His grace and wonder, and to deepen my relationship with Him.



This is the 42nd weekly prayer:



Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for Your mercy, that these prayers can be an encouragement to others. When we were still in the bondage of sins, You have prepared the way for us to walk in. You did it for Peter who denied You; You did it for Paul who persecuted You; You did it for me, who ignored You. You are the same yesterday and today and forever. 



Please continue to encourage those who are pursuing You, and help us to obey Your commands out of an ever-growing understanding of Your love for us.



Please increase the faith of Your children who seek You, so that they may love their neighbors and their surroundings more and more in Your way. Help us to see people through Your eyes—not according to what they have done, but with the understanding that each person is uniquely made in Your image.



Help us to realize that we can be more than our brokenness, for the thoughts You have toward Your children are thoughts of peace and not of evil. Help us to have and maintain pure hearts, so that we will always find You when we seek You, as You have promised.

I believe that whatever You have spoken will come to pass, revealing how great and loving You are. 



Thank You for You first loved us.



May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with the one who loves Him. 



Amen.