# 44 Radiance

*01.04.2026*

The past week has been fruitful and productive. There has been much fellowship and many new insights in my way of thinking. I finished another book and even tried new activities that I had never tried before.



This is the 44th weekly prayer,



Dear Heavenly Father,

Thank You for Your warmth and Your presence, and for the company of others, so that we can enjoy the world and food You created. It is wonderful that we can see more colors of this world as we grow closer and closer to You. Remind us of Your strength when we see the sun; remind us of Your promises when we see the stars. And yet, please do not let our imagination limit our faith in Your wonders. Please show us Your love that surpasses all things, more than anything else.



Dear Father, do not let where we stand or what we have gone through hinder us. Help us to surrender to You and to always be excited to see Your mighty works. Please help us to focus on Your redemptive plan as the greater picture, and help us to be faithful in every step toward You.



Dear Lord, please help us to run the race, to learn how to rest while running, to strive to receive more of You, and to rest in having more of You, so that we can be more and more like You.



Dear Holy Spirit, please come into every relationship that is ordained by You to honor and glorify You. Help us to understand more of Your love in relationships so that we may know more about our triune God, and so that we and more of Your children may rise like the sun in its strength to radiate Your love to more and more who are lost.



May the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost, be with the one who loves Him, forever and ever.



Amen.